Usability web application																					
1. Verify that a registered user can add  the application from the Shopify aap store																					
2. Verify that the content of the web pages is written correctly and without errors.																					
3. Verify that the buttons on the web application pages have a standard look and size. Check how the buttons work with a double click																					
4. Verify that the data in the drop-down lists is not cropped due to field size.																					
5. Verify that the cursor has changed from the default state to pointer when you hover over the active field.																					
6. Verify that you can navigate through web application page elements using the TAB key.																					
7. Verify that the Tab key works sequentially.																					
8.Verify that all non-active text fields should be highlighted as active when the cursor is over them.																					
9.Check that the scroll bar appears if necessary.																					
10.Verify that when scaling manually, the web application adapts to the size of the browser window.																					
11.Verify that when the user selects a different language, the web page elements will be displayed correctly.																					
																					
Module: Bundles button																					
12. Verify that the Bundles button becomes active when user point the cursor over it.																					
13.Verify that when user clicks on the Bundles button, he stays on the page.																					
																					
Module: Setting button																					
14. Verify that the user, when clicking the Setting button, will be able to select from the drop-down list : Setting, Design, Update theme, Payment info and go to the corresponding page of the web application																					
																					
Module: Setting in the drop-down list Setting button																					
15. Verify that the user can customize Bundles Widget position, Cart Subtotal and Quick view settings																					
16. Verify that the user can make settings for the package block displayed on the product page																					
17. Verify that the user can make settings for orders Settings  containing bundles																					
18. Verify that the user can use multiple currencies																					
19.Verify default widget position																					
20.Verify that the user can save the settings																					
																					
Module: Design in the drop-down list Setting button																					
21. Verify that the user can make settings in Bundle product settings, Button settings, Button hover settings, Signs settings.																					
22. Verify if the user can save the default settings																					
23. Verify whether the user can change the settings not by moving the slider but by typing values from the keyboard																					
24. Verify if changes are displayed in the Bundle preview drop-down box																					
25. Verify that the user can save the custom settings																					
																					
Module: Update theme in the drop-down list Setting button																					
26. Verify that the user can update the topic of his web store																					
																					
Module: Payment info in the drop-down list Setting button																					
27. Verify if the user can extend the life of the application																					
																					
Module: FAQ button																					
28.Verify that the user, when clicking the FAQ button user can go to the corresponding page of the web application																					
																					
Module: Our Others Apps																					
29. Verify that the user, when clicking the Our Others Apps button will be able to select from the drop-down list : Upsell For Products, Buy X Get Y, Products A/B Test-You Sales Booster, Back in Stock alerts, Popup Apsell on Exit & Visit and go to the corresponding page of the web application																					
																					
Module: Chat																					
30. Check that the chat icon is active																					
31.  Verify that the chat is minimized when user click on the arrow icon																					
																					
Sub-module: Find your answer now field																					
32. Verify that the Find your answer field  processes the request																					
33.  Input different symbols, spaces																					
34. Check how the entered text is processed (first word, the rest is discarded / all the words.)																					
35.  Check copy/paste																					
36. Check if the answer corresponds to the request																					
																					
Sub-module: Send us a message																					
37. Check if user can send messages, GIF, smile, attach files																					
38. Check which formats user can attach for sending: png, jpeg, pdf, doc, mp3 and others																					
39. Check the maximum and minimum size of attachments to be sent																					
40. Check if user can create conversations with several people																					
41. Check if user can delete a sent file																					
																					
Module: Add product																					
42.Verify that user can add the product, give it a title																					
																					
Sub-module:  Description																					
43. Check text formatting																					
44. Check the bold text selection																					
45. Check Italic style																					
46. Check the text underlining																					
47.  Check the display of text as: bulleted list, numbered list, 																					
48. Check the indents for text																					
49. Check the possibility of placing the text by tsetra, from the left edge, from the right edge																					
50. Check if user can change the color of the text you enter, create tables, add links, videos, photos																					
																					
Sub-module: Media																					
51. Verify that the user can add and delete photos																					
52. Verify that user can add files in .jpg, .gif, .png, .mp4, .mov, .glb formats																					
53. Check adding media from URL and from Youtube																					
																					
Module: Create Bundle																					
54.  Check that the user can assign Active, Stopped, All exept arhived , Arhived statuses to the created packages																					
																					
Sub-module: Bundle info																					
55. Verify that mandatory fields are marked with an asterisk																					
56. Check that the required fields are highlighted after the user clicks the Save bundle button without filling in the fields																					
57.  Check that each field has hints																					
58. Check the operation of radio buttons in Discount Type section																					
59. Check the minimum, average, maximum +1 number of letters and symbols in the Name field (e.x. 0, 50, 100, 101)																					
60. Check the minimum, average, maximum +1 number of letters and symbols in the Bundle Description (e.x. 0, 120, 255, 256)																					
																					
Sub-module: Bundle products																					
61. Verify that the web application opens using the HTTPS protocol																					
62. Check how the product search is handled in the Filter by Title input field (first word, the rest is discarded / all the words).																					
63. Check that the goods which are in Active status can be added to the package																					
64. Verify that user can set the quantity for each product																					
65.  Check if user can add the same product to several packages																					
66. Check if the user can set a discounted price for each product in the package																					
67.  Verify that the quantity of goods in your cart does not exceed the quantity in inventory																					
68. Check the minimum discount value in percent, minimum -1, average, maximum and maximum +1																					
69. Check the incorrect discount value for the package, for example 102%																					
70.  Check the minimum fixed discount amount, average of the goods package cost, the discount amount equal to the goods package cost, the fixed discount amount is higher than the goods package cost																					
71. Verify that the generated bundle products are displayed in the directory																					
72. Check that more than one bundle product can be formed to one product																					
73. Check that the amount for bundle product is calculated according to the discount																					
74. Verify that bundle products can be added to  cart																					
75. Verify that when delete product from the store, the product is deleted  from the boundle products																					
76. Check that when  delete product , the price of the boundle products will change according to the discount set																					
77.  Verify that when bundle products are deactivated, they are no longer visible in the directory																					
78. Verify that the user can make changes to bundle info and save them																					
79. Verify that all bundle products created are saved when user close  browser																					